Goke
----

### GK7205/GK7205S

GK7205/GK7205S is a low-power high-performance SOC chip developed for full-HD 
IPC products. It supports H.265 and H264 codecs, supports up to 4M@18fps 
multi-channel encoding, supports dual-sensor inputs, and has built-in excellent
image processing modules. While meeting customer product functional 
differentiation, image quality and performance requirements, the highly
integrated hardware design can significantly reduce system costs, and the
stable and complete SDK software package can greatly shorten the customer
development cycle.

### GK7202

GK7202 is a low-power, low-illumination, low-bitrate, low-cost, and highly 
integrated SoC chip developed for full-HD network camera product applications. 
The chip has 1080P multi-stream encoding capabilities, built-in efficient 
H.265/H.264 encoding module and advanced image processing algorithms. While
meeting customer product functional differentiation, image quality and 
performance requirements, the highly integrated hardware design can 
significantly reduce system costs, and the stable and complete SDK software 
package can greatly shorten the customer development cycle.

### GK7101

GK7101 is a low-power, low-illumination, low-bitrate, low-cost, and highly 
integrated SoC chip developed for full-HD IP Camera product applications. 
The chip has 1080P@30fps H.264 multi-stream encoding capabilities, 
high-efficiency video encoding compression rate, built-in excellent image
processing algorithms and rich intelligent video analysis algorithms. While
meeting customer product functional differentiation, image quality and 
performance requirements, highly integrated hardware design can significantly
reduce system costs, and stable and complete SDK software packages can greatly
shorten customer development cycles.

### GK7102

GK7102 is a low-power, low-illumination, low-bitrate, low-cost, and highly 
integrated SoC chip developed for high-definition IP Camera product 
applications. The chip has 960P/720P@30fps H.264 multi-stream encoding
capabilities, high-efficiency video encoding compression rate, built-in 
excellent image processing algorithms and rich intelligent video analysis
algorithms. While meeting customer product functional differentiation, image
quality and performance requirements, highly integrated hardware design can 
significantly reduce system costs, and stable and complete SDK software packages
can greatly shorten customer development cycles.
